Fix gameobject intialization (#1332)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: UPGRADE_GUIDE.md

> You will need to add `using Unity.Entities;` to the top of the file and reference it in the assembly that your custom GameObject creator is in.

> #### `void Register()` method

Reviewer: It may be worth explaining the motivation for this given it seems a little odd otherwise

> Use this method to register the method required to create GameObjects of specific entity types.

Author: ```suggestion
Use this method to register entity types and the method required to create GameObjects of that type.
```

For example, the FPS project does the following:

```csharp
public void Register(Dictionary<string, EntityTypeRegistration> entityTypeRegistrations)
{
    entityTypeRegistrations.Add(PlayerEntityType, new EntityTypeRegistration(CreatePlayerGameObject,
        typeof(OwningWorker.Component),
        typeof(ServerMovement.Component)));
}
```

> You can optionally leave the implementation of this method blank, as the `GameObjectInitializationSystem` will use the creator's `OnEntityCreated` method by default.

Reviewer 2: can you add this bit to the readme doc that you updated?  I think this is really useful when reading through that guide as well

Author: Already done :)
